README.md, before:

# reactConfiguration
Here we are going to setup react app deployment environment, follow the step it will be much ease.
## 1. Installing nodejs
$ sudo yum update
$ sudo yum install nodejs
$ sudo yum install npm

## 2. React environment setup
$ npx create-react-app [app_name]

## 3. Installing MYSQL
  $ sudo dnf install mysql-server
Start mysql service
  $ sudo systemctl start mysqld.service
Checking the status
  $ sudo systemctl status mysqld
Forcing mysql to start whenever you boot server, To stop shift to disable
  $ sudo systemctl enable mysqld
#### Securing your MYSQL server
  $ sudo mysql_secure_installation
#### Testing MySQL
  $ mysqladmin -u root -p version
#### Connecting to your MySQL
  $ mysql -u root -p

## 4. Installing httpd
  $ sudo yum install httpd
Forcing apache(httpd) to start whenever you boot server, To stop shift to disable
  $ sudo systemctl enable httpd.service
Start httpd service
  $ sudo systemctl start httpd.service
Open firewall for both http and https
  $ sudo firewall-cmd --permanent --add-service=http
and for https
  $ sudo firewall-cmd --permanent --add-service=https
Reload firewall
  $ sudo firewall-cmd --reload
#### Setting Multi-Processing Modules (MPM)
  $ sudo httpd -V | grep i mpm
Before you make the change in your httpd remember to have backup
  $ sudo cp /etc/httpd/conf/httpd.conf ~/httpd.conf.backup
  
#### Enabling prefork
This feature make it work slow but for the application that doesnot support multi-threading like PHP will be much helpful
> edit File: /etc/httpd/conf.modules.d/00-mpm.conf
> discomment Line: LoadModule mpm_prefork_module modules/mod_mpm_prefork.so
> comment last Line: LoadModule mpm_event_module modules/mod_mpm_event.so
Restart the apache
$ sudo systemctl restart httpd

#### Enable the worker module
The Worker Module is a hybrid Prefork, multi-threaded, multi-processor module. It’s similar to the Prefork Module, but each child is multi-threaded.
> edit File: /etc/httpd/conf.modules.d/00-mpm.conf
> discomment Line: LoadModule mpm_worker_module modules/mod_mpm_worker.so
> comment last Line: LoadModule mpm_event_module modules/mod_mpm_event.so
Restart the apache
$ sudo systemctl restart httpd

#### Enable the event module
The Event Module is similar to the Worker Module except each thread has a dedicated listener so that threads are not locked in wait. As of Apache 2.4 the Event Module is considered stable, for versions before 2.4, use the Worker Module.
> edit File: /etc/httpd/conf.modules.d/00-mpm.conf
> discomment Line: LoadModule mpm_event_module modules/mod_mpm_event.so
Restart the apache
$ sudo systemctl restart httpd

#### Configure your virtual hosting

Commit message:

setting laravel env
Laravel installations

README.md, after:

# reactConfiguration
Here we are going to setup react app deployment environment, follow the step it will be much ease.
## 1. Installing nodejs
$ sudo yum update
$ sudo yum install nodejs
$ sudo yum install npm

## 2. React environment setup
$ npx create-react-app [app_name]

## 3. Installing MYSQL
  $ sudo dnf install mysql-server
Start mysql service
  $ sudo systemctl start mysqld.service
Checking the status
  $ sudo systemctl status mysqld
Forcing mysql to start whenever you boot server, To stop shift to disable
  $ sudo systemctl enable mysqld
#### Securing your MYSQL server
  $ sudo mysql_secure_installation
#### Testing MySQL
  $ mysqladmin -u root -p version
#### Connecting to your MySQL
  $ mysql -u root -p

## 4. Installing httpd
  $ sudo yum install httpd
* Forcing apache(httpd) to start whenever you boot server, To stop shift to disable
  $ sudo systemctl enable httpd.service
* Start httpd service
  $ sudo systemctl start httpd.service
* Open firewall for both http and https
  $ sudo firewall-cmd --permanent --add-service=http
* and for https
  $ sudo firewall-cmd --permanent --add-service=https
* Reload firewall
  $ sudo firewall-cmd --reload
#### Setting Multi-Processing Modules (MPM)
  $ sudo httpd -V | grep i mpm
* Before you make the change in your httpd remember to have backup
  $ sudo cp /etc/httpd/conf/httpd.conf ~/httpd.conf.backup
  
#### Enabling prefork
This feature make it work slow but for the application that doesnot support multi-threading like PHP will be much helpful
> edit File: /etc/httpd/conf.modules.d/00-mpm.conf
> discomment Line: LoadModule mpm_prefork_module modules/mod_mpm_prefork.so
> comment last Line: LoadModule mpm_event_module modules/mod_mpm_event.so
Restart the apache
$ sudo systemctl restart httpd

#### Enable the worker module
The Worker Module is a hybrid Prefork, multi-threaded, multi-processor module. It’s similar to the Prefork Module, but each child is multi-threaded.
> edit File: /etc/httpd/conf.modules.d/00-mpm.conf
> discomment Line: LoadModule mpm_worker_module modules/mod_mpm_worker.so
> comment last Line: LoadModule mpm_event_module modules/mod_mpm_event.so
Restart the apache
$ sudo systemctl restart httpd

#### Enable the event module
The Event Module is similar to the Worker Module except each thread has a dedicated listener so that threads are not locked in wait. As of Apache 2.4 the Event Module is considered stable, for versions before 2.4, use the Worker Module.
> edit File: /etc/httpd/conf.modules.d/00-mpm.conf
> discomment Line: LoadModule mpm_event_module modules/mod_mpm_event.so
Restart the apache
$ sudo systemctl restart httpd

#### Configure your virtual hosting

#### Install Laravel Using Composer
$ composer create-project --prefer-dist laravel/laravel [project_name]

#### Using Laravel for Local Development
$ cd [project_name]
$ php artisan serve --host=[IP] --port=[port]
